keymaps 0-2,4
#
keycode  14 = Delete
keycode  16 = q
	altgr	keycode  16 = one
keycode  17 = w
	altgr	keycode  17 = two
keycode  18 = e
	altgr	keycode  18 = three
keycode  19 = r
	altgr	keycode  19 = four
keycode  20 = t
	altgr	keycode  20 = five
keycode  21 = z
	altgr	keycode  21 = six
keycode  22 = u
	altgr	keycode  22 = seven
keycode  23 = i
	altgr	keycode  23 = eight
keycode  24 = o
	altgr	keycode  24 = nine
keycode  25 = p
	altgr	keycode  25 = zero
keycode  28 = Return
keycode  29 = Control
	altgr	keycode  29 = Escape
keycode  30 = a
	altgr	keycode  30 = asterisk
keycode  31 = s
	altgr	keycode  31 = plus
keycode  32 = d
	altgr	keycode  32 = numbersign
keycode  33 = f
	altgr	keycode  33 = minus
keycode  34 = g
	altgr	keycode  34 = underscore
keycode  35 = h
	altgr	keycode  35 = parenleft
keycode  36 = j
	altgr	keycode  36 = parenright
keycode  37 = k
	altgr	keycode  37 = semicolon
keycode  38 = l
	altgr	keycode  38 = exclam
keycode  42 = Shift
keycode  44 = y
	altgr	keycode  44 = euro
keycode  45 = x
	altgr	keycode  45 = dollar
keycode  46 = c
	altgr	keycode  46 = equal
keycode  47 = v
	altgr	keycode  47 = slash
keycode  48 = b
	altgr	keycode  48 = backslash
keycode  49 = n
	altgr	keycode  49 = quotedbl
keycode  50 = m
	altgr	keycode  50 = apostrophe
keycode  51 = ü
	altgr	keycode	51 = ß
keycode  52 = ö
	altgr	keycode	52 = exclam
keycode  57 = space		Tab		at
keycode 100 = AltGr
keycode 103 = ä
	altgr 	keycode 103 = question
keycode 105 = period
	altgr	keycode 105 = comma
keycode 106 = Right
	altgr	keycode 106 = greater
keycode 108 = Down